chore(skills): Add linear-project-update skill (#21233)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: .agents/skills/linear-project-update/SKILL.md

   - Within each band, put the project most likely to need an update first — typically the one with the longest gap since its last status update.
6. **Present the list with `AskUserQuestion`.** Format each option so the user can see at a glance which projects need attention:

   `<Project name> — status: <Status> · target: <YYYY-MM-DD or "—"> · last update: <X days ago or "never">`

7. Once picked, continue with that project's UUID.

### Step 2 — Audit project status

Invoke the **`linear-project-status`** skill on the resolved project UUID. That skill produces the health verdict, top concerns, dimension breakdown, recent activity, and blocker analysis you'll need to write a useful update.

Keep the audit output handy — you'll cite specifics in the proposal (e.g., "3 issues stale > 14 days", "target date in 12 days with 8 issues still open", "no movement on issues in the last 7 days"). Generic updates are useless; concrete ones build trust.

### Step 3 — Gather additional context

The audit tells you what Linear knows. The user knows what Linear doesn't. Ask once, broadly, rather than peppering them with separate questions:

> > "Anything I should know that isn't in Linear before I draft this? PTO or absences (yours or the team's), blockers, competing priorities, or general context you want stakeholders to hear. Or just say 'no extra context' to skip."

Reviewer: tiny suggestion to make answering shorter :D 
```suggestion
> "Anything I should know that isn't in Linear before I draft this? PTO or absences (yours or the team's), blockers, competing priorities, or general context you want stakeholders to hear. Or just say 'no' to skip."
```
